Fix dead links for Aptos Move Tutorial (#12630)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: aptos-move/move-examples/move-tutorial/README.md

## Step 0: Preparation

> You should obtain a copy of the content of the directory in which this `README.md` resides. One way to achieve this is to clone [the Aptos core repository](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core) and navigate to the [`aptos-move/move-examples/move-tutorial.md`](..) directory. Subsequently, we assume you have a local copy of this directory and all paths are relative to this. To check that you have the right contents, run the `cd` and `ls` commands below to ensure the `move-tutorial` directory has the relevant subdirectories:

Reviewer: This isn't a directory

```suggestion
You should obtain a copy of the content of the directory in which this `README.md` resides. One way to achieve this is to clone [the Aptos core repository](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core) and navigate to the [`aptos-move/move-examples/move-tutorial`](..) directory. Subsequently, we assume you have a local copy of this directory and all paths are relative to this. To check that you have the right contents, run the `cd` and `ls` commands below to ensure the `move-tutorial` directory has the relevant subdirectories:
```

<details>
<summary>Advanced concepts and exercises</summary>

> * There are a number of [test-related annotations](https://github.com/move-language/move/blob/main/language/changes/4-unit-testing#testing-annotations-their-meaning-and-usage) that are worth exploring.

Reviewer: This github links need to keep the .md or it won't work correctly.  The good thing is there's an aptos.dev page for it

```suggestion
* There are a number of [test-related annotations](https://aptos.dev/move/book/unit-testing#testing-annotations-their-meaning-and-usage) that are worth exploring.
```

In this section, we are going to design a module implementing a basic coin and balance interface, where coins can
be minted and transferred between balances held under different addresses. 

> > NOTE: The coin and balance interfaces are for illustration of Move concepts only. Aptos uses a different, richer [coin type](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/doc/coin#0x1_coin) contained in the Aptos framework.

Reviewer: Similarly
```suggestion
> NOTE: The coin and balance interfaces are for illustration of Move concepts only. Aptos uses a different, richer [coin type](https://aptos.dev/reference/move?branch=mainnet&page=aptos-framework/doc/coin.md) contained in the Aptos framework.
```
